
Name: Shakthi Prakash Thiruvathilingam
Last 4 digits ID: 8112
Computer IP address:
CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q2, 3.30, Summer 2019   (c) DL, UTA, 2019


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________tsp

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud service provider is MS Azure.

 4+. Please DO NOT "select" all tuples and then "filter" results, that is very inefficient and wastes time, 
     "select" ONLY those tuples (rows) actually needed (for example with "where x>y" or similar).
     In order to give as many people the opportunity to demo in the last few minutes, you may only demo ONE Question in the
     last 5 minutes of the quiz time or for the few minutes afterward. 
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your student ID followed by your
    last name then comma then first name (as it appears on your student ID), in large font at the top of every web page displayed 
    (for this quiz)
    Upload the earthquake data ("quakes3") to cloud service, and import into a relational DB (SQL).
    Then, below your name and ID, through a web interface (page), allow a user to give two latitude values (lat)  
    (for example 3.0 and 5.0), and on the web page list each quake ONLY location (the name, the "place" location)
    AND date and magnitude within that range. 

 6. Through a web interface (page), allow a user to give you the number of times to do the "query", 
    you will do the previous step 5 (part 5) that number of times, where the two lat values will be randomly chosen between 
    those values given.
    Then you will do that number of queries, each time generating new random value "pairs" within that range. 
    (For example: the number of times, for instance 42 times, and we give you the range 3.0 and 5.0, you generate 
    two random values within that range, for example 3.8 and 4.1, then 4.3 and 4.4, repeating 42 times.)
    Then you will show: 
    The number of matching tuples (results) EACH time through AND random values generated as well 
    as the time taken to do EACH "random" query.

 7. Repeat part 6 using an in-memory caching mechanism (NOT an in-memory database) repeat the previous step, then show us.

 8. Repeat part 6, allow a user to either use an in-memory caching mechanism or none, and for ALL queries 
    show ONLY cumulative time to do ALL queries.

 9. Show GTA parts 5, 6, 7, 8

 10. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.
